com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatHasDataSetReturnsFalseIfDataSetWasNotPreviouslyAdded
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatUpdateWorks
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatAddDataSetReturnsFalseIfDataSetAlreadyAdded
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatClearWorks
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatGetDataSetsWorks
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatAddWorks
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatDeleteDataSetReturnsFalseIfTheDataSetWasNotAdded
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatHasDataSetReturnsTrueIfDataSetWasPreviouslyAdded
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatDeleteDataSetWorks
com.github.guliash.calculator.storage.DBStorageTest testThatUpdateDataSetReturnsFalseIfDataSetWasNotPreviouslyAdded
com.github.guliash.calculator.structures.CalculatorDatasetTest testGettersAndSetters
com.github.guliash.calculator.structures.CalculatorDatasetTest testClone
com.github.guliash.calculator.structures.CalculatorDatasetTest testEquals
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.MainActivityTest checkSaveMenuItemStartsSaveActivity
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.MainActivityTest checkOpenMenuItemStartsOpenActivity
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.MainActivityTest checkSettingsMenuItemStartsSettingsActivity
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.MainActivityTest checkHelpMenuItemStartsHelpActivity
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.OpenActivityTest checkThatDatasetExpressionDisplayedCorrectly
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.OpenActivityTest checkThatRemoveWorks
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.OpenActivityTest checkThatDatasetVariablesDisplayedCorrectly
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.OpenActivityTest checkThatDatasetTimestampDisplayedCorrectly
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.OpenActivityTest checkThatDatasetsAreDisplayed
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.SaveActivityTest testThatExpressionCorrectlyShown
com.github.guliash.calculator.ui.SaveActivityTest testThatNameCorrectlyShown
